## Setlist to be Chosen Among

- _Hoagy Carmichael in Concert_
  - Mostly read the ink on this one, no major deviations from what's written
  - We play 101 on the 2nd time only
  - Watch out for the key change (A-flats) starting at 135
- _Indianapolis News Newsboys March_
  - Staccato 16th notes at box C, accented quarter notes
  - At the trio (measure 39) we play 1 per part
  - All players play at box F
- _Cole Porter, A Symphonic Portrait_
  - Read the ink (carefully) on this one. Notably:
  - Several key changes
  - Circle 241 to be conducted in 1
  - Circle 245, I recommend "Orange" here, but Hilmer will have to clarify (#dadJoke)
- _Indiana State Band March_
  - Standard March structure
  - Instead of starting ff, start mf and crescendo the first 4 bars.
  - 3 Bars before the first 1st ending, add a breath mark after the dotted-quarter note. Make a clear separation here.
  - If the Trio isn't marked on your parts, it is the double bar after the second, 2nd ending. (when we add a flat to the key signature)
  - Add Crescendos 6-7 measures after the trio, and 14-16 (ending just before the last repeat sign)
  - Bring out the 8th note run in the last four bars
- _Indiana Guards_
  - Read the ink on this one
  - If you're me, mark the E-flats starting the trio so you don't miss them next time.
- _The Hoosier_
  - Standard march structure
- _Michael Jackson: Through the Years_
  - Just a fun medley of MJ Tunes.
  - Note: we should endeavor to "round the corners" (i.e. be less square when playing this one)
  - Tempo will go faster at box 120
- _Belle of Indiana_
  - March structure
  - Note the ending has a break strain, that goes back to the sign at the Trio.
- _Way Back Home Again in Indiana_
  - Read the ink
  - Don't cover the soloists starting at box 49-73
- _The best of John Mellencamp_

## Clarinet Lineup

|               |                         |
| ------------- | ----------------------- |
| 1st Part      |                         |
|               | Kaz Chan                |
|               | Jim DeCaro              |
|               | Daisey Chew (Eb double) |
| 2nd Part      |                         |
|               | James Alexander         |
|               | Jennifer Tetzlaff       |
|               | Jennifer Sherbak        |
| 3rd Part      |                         |
|               | Nancy Frass             |
|               | Dennis Schafer          |
|               | John Wood               |
| Bass Clarinet |                         |
|               | Flora Garrison          |
|               | Sara York               |
| Contra Bass   |                         |
|               | Chris Dailey            |
