# Marth 8, 2022

## Concert Order:

0. Special Arrangements of Star Spangled Banner and Ukrainian National Anthem
1. Jalousie (Krance)
2. Big Band Signatures (Higgens)
3. Four Scottish Dances (Arnold)

### Other Tunes Considered
* *Incantation and Dance* - Chance
  * Note the Errata section of this tune from the [Wiki page](https://www.windrep.org/Incantation_and_Dance#Errata). There are many note, articulation, and dynamic corrections made there among many of the sections throughout the band.
* *Big Band Signatures* - Higgins
* *Four Scotish Dances* - John P. Paynter

* *Dancin' into the '20s* - Arranged by Hunsberger
* *Dance intermezzo* - Sibelius, arranged by Henning
* *Dance of the Tumblers* - Rimsky-Korsakov
* *Danza Final (Malambo) from Estancia Dances* - Ginastera
* *Hoe Down from Rodeo* - Copland
* *The Lord of the Dance* - Hardiman, arr by Saucedo 

On Feb 8th we site read a bunch of tunes. The goal was to listen to many different tunes to get a sense of what would be good to play for the March 8th. Among the 10 or so we played through, 3 or 4 will be selected for our 25-30 minute spot during the Concert. The concert on March 8th will include several other local community bands, so we will have a limited amount of time on stage. Once we have the final list, I'll have more notes on each of these tunes specifically. Below is a first run through

## Big Band Signatures
A medley of several different standards. Make sure to watch John for the changes
1. We start in 4/4 conducting
2. Box 161 will be conducted in 2
3. Box 205 will be back to a fast 4/4 conducting

## Jalousie
1. At the beginning (before box 8), any quarter tied to an eight note should be cut-off on the beat. (measures 1 and 3 specifically)
2. @ 41 - if you have an eighth note run, emphasize the crescendo

## The Lord of the Dance
1. Tempo will be very important on this tune. We're going to have dancers on stage dancing along when we're playing this tune.
2. Because of having dancers on stage, we are adding an extra repeat: we'll play measures 39 - 55 twice. 

## Disco Kid
1. This is a light hearted fun "crowd-pleasing" tune. Pretty straight reading in a medium "disco" style tempo.

## Gabriel's Oboe
1. This was a pretty and melodic tune that has an oboe solo throughout most of it.
2. Ensure that through most of the tune you can hear the oboe, so keep dynamics soft throughout. Pretty straight reading otherwise.

## Dance Intermezzo
1. 23 measures before the end will start gradually increasing the tempo
2. 2 measures (16 measures from the end) after the last key change John will conduct this in 1.

## Hoe Down

1. Lots of 16th note runs on this one, fairly straight forward but watch the articulation and don't let the tempo drag.
2. Otherwise, "this one's for dinner" 😊

## Four Scottish Dances

### Mvt 1
1. Fairly straightforward reading. Watch for slight tempo changes before box C and 6 measures from the end

### Mvt 2
1. There are many tricky key changes to this one
2. Tempo will be speedy on this one
3. This is often left out when the Four Scottish Dances is played, so this movement may be cut from the program

### Mvt 3
1. For 2nd Clarinet parts, 2 measures after Box C there is a misprint on the staff symbol. At C the key switched from G Major to B major, but the printed staff on that line is still in G major.The B Major key continues until box E.

### Mvt 4
1. There is a tricky-pinky switching passage that repeats a few times for the 2nds in this movement. In the 3rd measure, then again at Box D, and again at box G.Switching from Right to Left pinky B will be required throughout.

## Incantation and Dance
1. Watch John for the `rit.` 7 before the Presto, then as the tempo changes at the Presto
2. Lot's of 16th note runs on this piece to shed through, either practice these or come early and work through the fingerings on these
3. Clarinets should stagger breath (unless you can circle breath, or you're Doreen Ketchens) for the 21 measures of holding their pitch starting at the Presto
4. Clarinets have a unison rhythm 4 after box 100 - so play with the group 






## Clarinet Lineup

|               |                   |
| ------------- | ----------------- |
| 1st Part      |                   |
|               | Kaz Chan          |
|               | Jim DeCaro        |
|               | Nancy Frass (Eb double) |
| 2nd Part      |                   |
|               | James Alexander   |
|               | Ed Kingsley       |
|               | Jennifer Tetzlaff |
|               | Jennifer Sherbak  |
| 3rd Part      |                   |
|               | Shelby Ervin      |
|               | Sable Stewart     |
|               | Margaret Johnston (tentative) |
|               | Dennis Schafer    |
|               | John Wood         |
| Bass Clarinet |                   |
|               | Flora Garrison    |
|               | Sara York         |